BIRTH

Andrew was distracted from the operation because he was thinking about his own affairs.
He and Joe Morgan went to Number 12 Blaina Terrace. The house was clean but poorly furnished, and lit only by an oil lamp.
Mrs Morgan's mother was tall and had grey hair nearly seventy. There was a shout, elderly midwife.
Mrs Morgan's mother thought that Andrew would run away, saying he'd return later, but Andrew reassured her that he'll not run away.
While staying at the house before the operation, Andrew was only thinking about Christine, and how marriages only ended up with deceiving one another.
Andrew started his work after the nurse called him, at half-past three. 
An hour elapsed, after all the harsh struggles the child was born, but lifeless. A shiver of horror passed Andrew because after all he promised everything will go well.
But he first thought to take care of Susan Morgan who was collapsed, almost pulseless. He gave the newborn to the nurse and smashed a glass ampule and injected the medicine.
After he when he saw that she was safe to leave he proceeded to the lifeless child. He ordered the nurse to bring him hot and cold water, and basins too.
He laid the child upon a blanket and started a special method of respiration. After the nurse came with the asked supplies, Andrew splashed cold water into one basin and splashed mixed water as hot as his hand could bear.
Then like some crazy juggler, he hurried the child between the two, now plunging it into the icy, now into the steaming bath. Even after fifteen minutes, no breath came out of the child.
Andrew was desperate and kept trying. After having laboured in vain for half an hour, he still persisted in one last effort, rubbing the child with a rough towel, crushing and releasing the little chest with both his hands, trying to get breath into that limp body. Then by a miracle, the pigmy chest, which his enclosed, gave a short, convulsive heave, another and another.... Andrew turned giddy.
The child was gasping now, deeper and deeper. Everyone was shocked and were thanking god. Andrew went outside and found Joe and informed him that everything was alright.
It was nearly five o'clock, while walking all Andrew kept thinking was compared to all other work he had done in Blaenelly, "I've done something; oh, God! I've done something real at last."